#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   django
astroid==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-celery
backports-zoneinfo==0.2.1 ; python_version < "3.9"
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   django
    #   djangorestframework
build==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r pip-tools.txt
    #   pip-tools
cachetools==5.3.3
    # via
    #   -r ci.txt
    #   tox
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
chardet==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r ci.txt
    #   tox
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r pip-tools.txt
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   click-log
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-lint
    #   pip-tools
click-log==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   edx-lint
code-annotations==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   edx-lint
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r ci.txt
    #   tox
coverage[toml]==7.4.4
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==43.0.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   pyjwt
ddt==1.7.2
    # via -r quality.txt
diff-cover==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   -r dev.in
dill==0.3.8
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   pylint
distlib==0.3.8
    # via
    #   -r ci.txt
    #   virtualenv
django==4.2.11
    # via
    #   -c common_constraints.txt
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   django-crum
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-i18n-tools
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
django-model-utils==4.5.0
    # via -r quality.txt
django-waffle==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
djangorestframework==3.15.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-django-release-util==1.4.0
    # via -r quality.txt
edx-django-utils==5.12.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-drf-extensions==10.3.0
    # via -r quality.txt
edx-i18n-tools==1.3.0
    # via -r dev.in
edx-lint==5.3.6
    # via -r quality.txt
edx-opaque-keys==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
exceptiongroup==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   pytest
filelock==3.13.3
    # via
    #   -r ci.txt
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
futures==3.1.1
    # via -r quality.txt
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==6.11.0
    # via
    #   -c common_constraints.txt
    #   -r pip-tools.txt
    #   build
    #   typeguard
inflect==7.2.0
    # via jinja2-pluralize
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   pytest
isort==5.13.2
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   pylint
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   diff-cover
    #   jinja2-pluralize
jinja2-pluralize==0.3.0
    # via diff-cover
lxml==5.2.1
    # via edx-i18n-tools
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   jinja2
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   pylint
more-itertools==10.2.0
    # via inflect
newrelic==9.8.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   -r ci.txt
    #   -r pip-tools.txt
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   build
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   tox
path==16.13.0
    # via edx-i18n-tools
pbr==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   stevedore
pip-tools==7.4.1
    # via -r pip-tools.txt
platformdirs==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r ci.txt
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   pylint
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r ci.txt
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   diff-cover
    #   pytest
    #   tox
polib==1.2.0
    # via edx-i18n-tools
psutil==5.9.8
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pycodestyle==2.11.1
    # via -r quality.txt
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   cffi
pydocstyle==6.3.0
    # via -r quality.txt
pygments==2.17.2
    # via diff-cover
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
pylint==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   edx-lint
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pylint-celery==0.3
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   edx-lint
pylint-django==2.5.5
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   edx-lint
pylint-plugin-utils==0.8.2
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
pymongo==3.13.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pyproject-api==1.6.1
    # via
    #   -r ci.txt
    #   tox
pyproject-hooks==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r pip-tools.txt
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
pytest==8.1.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==5.0.0
    # via -r quality.txt
pytest-django==4.8.0
    # via -r quality.txt
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   code-annotations
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-i18n-tools
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-lint
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   pydocstyle
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   python-slugify
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r ci.txt
    #   -r pip-tools.txt
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   build
    #   coverage
    #   pip-tools
    #   pylint
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pyproject-hooks
    #   pytest
    #   tox
tomlkit==0.12.4
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   pylint
tox==4.14.2
    # via -r ci.txt
typeguard==4.2.1
    # via inflect
typing-extensions==4.11.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   asgiref
    #   astroid
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   inflect
    #   pylint
    #   typeguard
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   requests
virtualenv==20.25.1
    # via
    #   -r ci.txt
    #   tox
wheel==0.43.0
    # via
    #   -r pip-tools.txt
    #   pip-tools
zipp==3.18.1
    # via
    #   -r pip-tools.txt
    #   importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
