#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    make upgrade
#
attrs==21.2.0
    # via pytest
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==2.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
click==8.0.3
    # via code-annotations
code-annotations==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
coverage[toml]==6.1.1
    # via pytest-cov
cryptography==35.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pyjwt
ddt==1.4.4
    # via -r requirements/test.in
    # via
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-crum
    #   django-model-utils
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
django-model-utils==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-waffle==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
djangorestframework==3.12.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
drf-jwt==1.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-django-utils==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-drf-extensions==8.0.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-opaque-keys==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
future==0.18.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pyjwkest
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
jinja2==3.0.2
    # via code-annotations
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via jinja2
newrelic==7.2.2.169
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
packaging==21.2
    # via pytest
pbr==5.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   stevedore
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via pytest
psutil==5.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
py==1.10.0
    # via pytest
pycparser==2.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cffi
pycryptodomex==3.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pyjwkest
pyjwkest==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
pyjwt[crypto]==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
pymongo==3.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via packaging
pytest==6.2.5
    # via
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pytest-django==4.4.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
python-slugify==5.0.2
    # via code-annotations
pytz==2021.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
pyyaml==6.0
    # via code-annotations
requests==2.26.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   pyjwkest
semantic-version==2.8.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   pyjwkest
    #   python-dateutil
sqlparse==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
stevedore==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
toml==0.10.2
    # via pytest
tomli==1.2.2
    # via coverage
urllib3==1.26.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
